1. What harsh truths do you prefer to ignore?
2. Is free will real or just an illusion?
3. Is there a meaning to life? If so, what is it?
4. Is the meaning of life the same for animals and humans?
5. Where is the line between art and not art?
6. If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
7. Does fate exist? If so, do we have free will?
8. What does it mean to live a good life?
9. Why do we dream?
10. Is it possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie?
11. Does a persons name influence the person they become?
12. What should be the goal of humanity?
13. If you could become immortal on the condition you would NEVER be able to die or kill yourself, would you choose immortality?
14. How will humans as a species go extinct?
15. What actions in your life will have the longest reaching consequences? How long will those effects be felt?
16. How long will you be remembered after you die?
17. If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how “human” would they be without the influence of society and culture?
18. Where does your self-worth come from?
19. How would humanity change if all humans life expectancy was significantly increased (lets say to around 500 years)?
20. Where do you find meaning in your life?
21. What do you think would be humanitys reaction to the discovery of extraterrestrial life?
22. Will religion ever become obsolete?
23. If you could teach everyone in the world one concept, what concept would have the biggest positive impact on humanity?
24. Is suffering a necessary part of the human condition? What would people who never suffered be like?
25. Does hardship make a person stronger? If so, under what conditions and at what point is it too much hardship? If not, what makes a person stronger?
26. Would things get better or worse if humans focused on what was going well rather than whats going wrong?
27. What benefits does art provide society? Does art hurt society in any way?